docs: sanitize examples (#243)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting: docs/documentation/functions/Invoke-SddcCommand.md

### Example 1

```powershell

> Invoke-SddcCommand -server [sddc_manager_fqdn] -user [admin_username] -pass [admin_password] -vmUser [vm_user] -vmPass [vm_user_password] -command "chage -l backup"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke-SddcCommand -server [sddc_manager_fqdn] -user [admin_username] -pass [admin_password] -vmUser [vm_username] -vmPass [vm_user_password] -command "chage -l backup"

```

Author: Resolved in [c2a75df](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/commit/c2a75df236def15cdd4dc29521c92e2964de4f10)

```

> This example runs the command provided on the SDDC Manager appliance with the user that is selected in the -vmUser variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example runs the command provided on the SDDC Manager appliance with the user specified for the `-vmUser` parameter.

```

Author: Resolved in [c2a75df](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/commit/c2a75df236def15cdd4dc29521c92e2964de4f10)

### Example 1

```powershell

> Invoke-SddcCommand -server [sddc_manager_fqdn] -user [admin_username] -pass [admin_password] -vmUser [vm_username] -vmPass [vm_user_password] -command "chage -l backup"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke-SddcCommand -server [sddc_manager_fqdn] -user [admin_username] -pass [admin_password] -vmUser [local_username] -vmPass [local_password] -command "chage -l backup"

```
